src/atoms/messages/alert/alert.md, before:

### General
For displaying an important message.

| Attribute | Type | Values | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| *variant | String | [1]osg-v-default, [2]osg-v-large | undefined | [1]Default variant, [2]Example of how to the alert more expansive |
| bgColor | String | See the color options section | "green" | Name of background color |
| textColor | String | See the color options section | "green-dark" | Name of text color |
| message | String | Clean string content | null | Text displayed in top left corner |
| updated.text | String | Clean string content | null | Text to be displayed before date |
| updated.date | Date | Valid date format | null | Date displayed in top right corner |
| content | html | html content | null | Used to display additional information. Will be parsed as html. |

### Color options
- "blue"
- "blue-light"
- "purple"
- "grey-lighter"
- "grey-light"
- "grey-dark"
- "grey-darker"
- "green"
- "green-dark"
- "green-light"
- "green-lighter"
- "green-faded"
- "brown"
- "brown-beige"
- "orange"
- "red"
- "yellow"
- "white"

Commit message:

switch from date to string because twig date function is missing localization.

src/atoms/messages/alert/alert.md, after:

### General
For displaying an important message.

| Attribute | Type | Values | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| *variant | String | [1]osg-v-default, [2]osg-v-large | undefined | [1]Default variant, [2]Example of how to the alert more expansive |
| bgColor | String | See the color options section | "green" | Name of background color |
| textColor | String | See the color options section | "green-dark" | Name of text color |
| message | String | Clean string content | null | Text displayed in top left corner |
| updated.text | String | Clean string content | null | Text to be displayed before date |
| updated.date | String | Clean string content | null | Date to be displayed in top right corner |
| content | html | html content | null | Used to display additional information. Will be parsed as html. |

### Color options
- "blue"
- "blue-light"
- "purple"
- "grey-lighter"
- "grey-light"
- "grey-dark"
- "grey-darker"
- "green"
- "green-dark"
- "green-light"
- "green-lighter"
- "green-faded"
- "brown"
- "brown-beige"
- "orange"
- "red"
- "yellow"
- "white"
