src/molecules/data_display/info_list/info_list.md, before:

### General
List of icons and data used to display information

### Data Fields
| Attribute | Type | Values | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| modifiers | String | Any global css class | null | Root class to modify styles |
| asteriskText | String | Clean text content | null | Text to be displayed after the list of data |
| *entries | Object | Array of icons with data | null | A container for the icons array |
| *icons | Array | List of objects. See the "Icon Object Data Fields" section below | null | Array of icon objects |

#### Icon Object Data Fields
| Attribute | Type | Values | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| *variant | String | Clean text content | null | Variant name to pass to the icon atom |
| text | String | Rich text (html) | null | Text content to display together with the icon |
| link | String | Valid url | null | Url for a link displayed together with icon |
| linkText | String | Clean text content | null | Text for the link |

(*) mandatory

Commit message:

Refactored out the button and asterix text and replace with block named content.

src/molecules/data_display/info_list/info_list.md, after:

### General
List of icons and data used to display information

### Blocks
This pattern has one block named "content". Content passed to the block will render inside the box after the list.

### Data Fields
| Attribute | Type | Values | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| modifiers | String | Any global css class | null | Root class to modify styles |
| asteriskText | String | Clean text content | null | Text to be displayed after the list of data |
| *entries | Object | Array of icons with data | null | A container for the icons array |
| *icons | Array | List of objects. See the "Icon Object Data Fields" section below | null | Array of icon objects |

#### Icon Object Data Fields
| Attribute | Type | Values | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| *variant | String | Clean text content | null | Variant name to pass to the icon atom |
| text | String | Rich text (html) | null | Text content to display together with the icon |
| link | String | Valid url | null | Url for a link displayed together with icon |
| linkText | String | Clean text content | null | Text for the link |

(*) mandatory
