src/organisms/cards/shape_card/shape_card.md, before:


### General
This pattern is primarily to be used for...

### Data Fields
| Attribute | Type | Values | Default | Description |
|-----------|------|--------|---------|-------------|
| variant | String | osg-v-default | "osg-v-default" | Default variant |
| modifiers | String | osg-m-left{-tablet} <br/> osg-m-right{-tablet} <br> osg-m-shape-in-image{-tablet} | null | Positions the shape to the left <br/> Positions the shape to the right <br/> Puts the shape inside the image |
| *url | String | Clean text content | null | Link to wrap the whole card in |
| stateText | String | Clean text content | null | Text to be displayed on top of the image. Used together with modifier osg-m-with-state to have effect. |
| searchResult | String | Clean text content | null | Facilitates the need to display part of a text content related to the destination of the url, as part of a search solution. Used together with the modifier osg-m-show-search-result to have effect. |
| alert | Object | See the alert atom for details | null | See the alert atom for details |
| contentBox | Object | See the contentBox molecule for details | null | See the contentBox molecule for details |
| tags | Object | See the tags molecule for details | null | See the tags molecule for details |
| figure | Object | See the tags figure for atom | null | See the figure atom for details |
| shape | Object | See the tags shape for atom | null | See the shape atom for details |


(*) mandatory

Commit message:

improved variant/modifier documentation for every component

src/organisms/cards/shape_card/shape_card.md, after:


### General
This pattern is primarily to be used for...

### Data Fields
| Attribute | Type | Values | Default | Description |
|-----------|------|--------|---------|-------------|
| variant | String | osg-v-default | "osg-v-default" | Default variant |
| modifiers | String | See modifier options bellow | null | Name of the modifier |
| *url | String | Clean text content | null | Link to wrap the whole card in |
| stateText | String | Clean text content | null | Text to be displayed on top of the image. Used together with modifier osg-m-with-state to have effect. |
| searchResult | String | Clean text content | null | Facilitates the need to display part of a text content related to the destination of the url, as part of a search solution. Used together with the modifier osg-m-show-search-result to have effect. |
| alert | Object | See the alert atom for details | null | See the alert atom for details |
| contentBox | Object | See the contentBox molecule for details | null | See the contentBox molecule for details |
| tags | Object | See the tags molecule for details | null | See the tags molecule for details |
| figure | Object | See the tags figure for atom | null | See the figure atom for details |
| shape | Object | See the tags shape for atom | null | See the shape atom for details |

### Modifier Options
| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| osg-m-left{-tablet} | Positions the shape to the left |
| osg-m-right{-tablet} | Positions the shape to the right |
| osg-m-shape-in-image{-tablet} | Puts the shape inside the image |
 
 



(*) mandatory
