src/atoms/links/link_button/link_button.md, before:

### General
This pattern is primarily a link with different designs and uses. Keep in mind that the text size affects to the size of the link.

### Blocks
This pattern has one block named "content". Content passed to the block will render inside the link.

More information about permitted content in blocks: <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a">https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a</a>

### Examples
Here you can see the different uses of the variants and modifiers with links: <a href="https://codepen.io/oslokommune/pen/LaBKym" target="_blank">https://codepen.io/oslokommune/pen/LaBKym</a>.

### Data Fields
| Attribute | Type | Values | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| *variant | String | See the "variant options" section below | "osg-v-default" | Name of the variant |
| modifiers | String | See the "modifier options" section below | null | Root class to modify styles |
| color | String | See the color options section | "red" | Sets state colors for text and background using global css classes |
| dataattrs | Object | key and val | null | See example in data tab |

(*) mandatory


### Modifiers Options
| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| osg-m-circle | Changes the shape of the icon to be a circle |

### Color options
- "blue-dark"
- "green-dark"
- "green-light"
- "red"
- "yellow"

### Other attributes
If you want to set attributes, such as id, name, data targets etc. You can add them via the dataattrs array which accepts key, val objects and adds them to the button or the anchor.

Commit message:

Removed data-target and replace href for url in the json file which is part of the link button pattern

src/atoms/links/link_button/link_button.md, after:

### General
This pattern is primarily a link with different designs and uses. Keep in mind that the text size affects to the size of the link.

### Blocks
This pattern has one block named "content". Content passed to the block will render inside the link.

More information about permitted content in links: <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a">https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a</a>

### Examples
Here you can see the different uses of the variants and modifiers with links: <a href="https://codepen.io/oslokommune/pen/LaBKym" target="_blank">https://codepen.io/oslokommune/pen/LaBKym</a>.

### Data Fields
| Attribute | Type | Values | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| *variant | String | See the "variant options" section below | "osg-v-default" | Name of the variant |
| modifiers | String | See the "modifier options" section below | null | Root class to modify styles |
| color | String | See the color options section | "red" | Sets state colors for text and background using global css classes |
| dataattrs | Object | key and val | null | See example in data tab |
| url | String | Valid url | '#' | Value of the link's href attribute |

(*) mandatory


### Modifiers Options
| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| osg-m-circle | Changes the shape of the icon to be a circle |

### Color options
- "blue-dark"
- "green-dark"
- "green-light"
- "red"
- "yellow"

### Other attributes
If you want to set attributes, such as id, name, data targets etc. You can add them via the dataattrs array which accepts key, val objects and adds them to the button or the anchor.
